I told my mother it was fine, but otherwise,
If you think about it, even if you don’t hide in the ends of the earth,
able to stand up,
I give you the feeling of true love,
To do this is to be angry with my child,
Brother, just tell mom,
Brother, your mother said,
You just like to drink the results,
I just brought you a drink and drank it,
Thank you, thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you,
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you